Update the Apache and Lets Encrypt documentation (#4259)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/manual_installation_apache.adoc

Then create a symlink to /etc/apache2/sites-enabled:

----
sudo ln -s /etc/apache2/sites-available/owncloud.conf /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/owncloud.conf
----

== Additional Apache Configurations

> * For ownCloud to work correctly, we need the module `mod_rewrite`. Enable it by running: `a2enmod rewrite`. Additionally recommended modules are `mod_headers`, `mod_env`, `mod_dir`, `mod_mime`, and `mod_unique_id`. To enable them, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For ownCloud to work correctly, you need the module `mod_rewrite`. Enable it by running: `a2enmod rewrite`. Additionally recommended modules are `mod_headers`, `mod_env`, `mod_dir`, `mod_mime`, and `mod_unique_id`. To enable them, run the following commands:
```

+
[source,console]
----
sudo a2enmod headers
sudo a2enmod env
sudo a2enmod dir
sudo a2enmod mime
sudo a2enmod unique_id
----
+
NOTE: If you want to use the {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/oauth2[OAuth2 app], then {mod_headers_url}[mod_headers] must be installed and enabled.

> * You must disable any server-configured authentication for ownCloud, as it uses Basic authentication   internally for DAV services. If you have turned on authentication on a parent folder (via, e.g., an `AuthType Basic` directive), you can disable the authentication specifically for the ownCloud entry. Following the above example configuration file, add the following line in the `Directory` section above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must disable any server-configured authentication for ownCloud since it uses basic authentication internally for DAV services. If you have turned on authentication on a parent folder (e.g. via an `AuthType Basic` directive), you can disable the authentication specifically for the ownCloud entry. As in the above example configuration file, add the following line in the `Directory` section:
```

> * You must disable any server-configured authentication for ownCloud, as it uses Basic authentication   internally for DAV services. If you have turned on authentication on a parent folder (via, e.g., an `AuthType Basic` directive), you can disable the authentication specifically for the ownCloud entry. Following the above example configuration file, add the following line in the `Directory` section above:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You must disable any server-configured authentication for ownCloud, as it uses Basic authentication internally for DAV services. If you have turned on authentication on a parent folder (via, e.g., an `AuthType Basic` directive), you can disable the authentication specifically for the ownCloud entry. Following the above example configuration file, add the following line in the `Directory` section above:
```

+
----
Satisfy Any
----

> * When using SSL, take special note of the `ServerName`. You should specify one in the server configuration, as well as in the `CommonName` field of the certificate. If you want your ownCloud to be reachable via the internet, then set both of these to the domain you want to reach your ownCloud server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using SSL, take special note of the `ServerName`. You should specify one in the server configuration as well as in the `CommonName` field of the certificate. If you want your ownCloud to be reachable via the internet, set both of these to the domain for your ownCloud server. 
```

* Now restart Apache
+
----
sudo service apache2 restart
----

* If you’re running ownCloud in a sub-directory and want to use CalDAV or CardDAV clients, make sure you have configured the correct
xref:configuration/general_topics/general_troubleshooting.adoc#service-discovery[Service Discovery] URLs.

=== Apache Mod_Unique_Id Configuration

The use of `mod_unique_id` enables an administor to trace requests via logfiles.

NOTE: {mod_unique_id_url}[mod_unique_id] provides a magic token for each request which is guaranteed to be unique across "all" requests under very specific conditions.

> If you enable the module, there is nothing else that you have to do, as ownCloud automatically includes the `UNIQUE_ID` environment variable, which the module makes available, in ownCloud's log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable the module, there is nothing else you have to do as ownCloud automatically includes the `UNIQUE_ID` environment variable, provided by the module, in ownCloud's log file.
```

> To confirm that it's working though, check that the `UNIQUE_ID` environment variable is being set, by running `phpinfo()` (as in the screenshot below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To confirm that it's working, check that the `UNIQUE_ID` environment variable is being set by running `phpinfo()` (like in the screenshot below).
```

image:installation/webservers/apache/mod_unique_id/phpinfo.png[phpinfo() showing that Apache 
is sending the UNIQUE_ID value from mod_unique_id]

> Next, compare the value set for `UNIQUE_ID` in the output of `phpinfo()` with the value in ownCloud's log file, to ensure that they're the same. In the example below, you can see an example log entry, where ownCloud is logging the unique id provided by Apache, as the value for the first key `reqId` in the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, compare the value set for `UNIQUE_ID` in the output of `phpinfo()` with the value in ownCloud's log file to ensure that they're the same. In the example below, you can see an example log entry, where ownCloud is logging the unique id provided by Apache as the value for the first key `reqId` in the record.
```

[source,json]
----
include::{examplesdir}installation/webservers/apache/log-entry.json[]
----

=== Using SSL

> You can use ownCloud over plain HTTP, but we strongly encourage you to use SSL/TLS to encrypt all of your server traffic, and to protect user’s logins and data in transit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ownCloud over plain HTTP, but we strongly encourage you to use SSL/TLS to encrypt all of your server traffic and to protect users’ logins and data in transit.
```

==== Use a Professional Certificate

> You can install any purchased or free certificate like one via Let's Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install any purchased or free certificate like the ones via Let's Encrypt.
```

> Read the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read 
```

> Read the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read
```

xref:installation/letsencrypt/index.adoc[Using Let's Encrypt SSL Certificates]

> if you want to use a free of charge certificates for Apache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you want to use free of charge certificates for Apache.
```

Reviewer: Or drop the plural s from "certificates".

> if you want to use a free of charge certificates for Apache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if you want to use free of charge certificates for Apache.
```

==== Use the Default Simple Self-Signed Certificate

> Apache installed under Ubuntu comes already set-up with a simple self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache installed on an Ubuntu system comes already set up with a simple self-signed certificate.
```

> NOTE: Self-signed certificates have their drawbacks - especially when you plan to make your ownCloud server publicly accessible. You might want to consider getting a certificate signed by a commercial signing authority or a free certificate like one via Let's Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Self-signed certificates have their drawbacks - especially when you plan to make your ownCloud server publicly accessible. You may want to consider getting a certificate signed by a commercial signing authority or a free certificate like the ones from Let's Encrypt.
```
